add readme for shutter page (#68)
hmcts/azure-platform-terraform: modules/shutter_page/README.md

**Step 6** Create a PR with the above and mark it for review with Platform Engineering team.

**Step 7** Once merged you should have your infrastructure created for your application's shutter page.

**Step 8** The shutter solution created above depends on the DNS swap that needs to be performed if an application needs to be shuttered. Below steps outline the process to perform the DNS swap to allow shuttering.

## Shutterring of an Application

> **Step 1** Clone the repository [Azure External DNS](https://github.com/hmcts/azure-public-dns)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Step 1** Clone the repository [Azure Public DNS](https://github.com/hmcts/azure-public-dns)
```

**Step 2** Under `environments` directory there are yaml files depicting environments that represents zones corresponding to each environment. There can be multiple zones in one environment.

**Step 3** Every application should have a CNAME record created corresponding to the zone e.g. plum cname record as below which is an application deployed to Azure Kubernetes service and points to Azure frontdoor.

```
  - name: "plum"
    ttl: 300
    record: "hmcts-sbox.azurefd.net"
```

> **Step 4** Now to shutter the above application we would be updtaing the above config as below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Step 4** Now to shutter the above application we would be updating the above config as below
```

```
  - name: "plum"
    ttl: 300
    record: "hmcts-sbox.azurefd.net"
    shutter: true
```

> **Step 5** Once the above changes are merged to master, Shuttering will be performed automatically by the azure devops pipeline by swapping the DNS to Azure CDN endpoint for the respective application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Step 5** Once the above changes are merged to master, Shuttering will be performed automatically by the Azure DevOps pipeline, swapping the DNS to the Azure CDN endpoint for the respective application.
```

> **Step 6** In order to take off the shuterring, get rid of the `shutter: true` construct from the above cname record and your application will start functionaing normally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Step 6** In order to take off the shuterring, change the `shutter: true` to `shutter: false` and your application will start functionaing normally.
```

**Step 6** Create a PR with the above and mark it for review with Platform Engineering team.

**Step 7** Once merged you should have your infrastructure created for your application's shutter page.

**Step 8** The shutter solution created above depends on the DNS swap that needs to be performed if an application needs to be shuttered. Below steps outline the process to perform the DNS swap to allow shuttering.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Shutterring of an Application

**Step 1** Clone the repository [Azure Public DNS](https://github.com/hmcts/azure-public-dns)

**Step 2** Under `environments` directory there are yaml files depicting environments that represents zones corresponding to each environment. There can be multiple zones in one environment.

**Step 3** Every application should have a CNAME record created corresponding to the zone e.g. `sandbox.yaml` files contains plum cname record as below which is an application deployed to Azure Kubernetes service and points to Azure frontdoor.

```
  - name: "plum"
    ttl: 300
    record: "hmcts-sbox.azurefd.net"
```

**Step 4** Now to shutter the above application we would be updating the above config as below

```
  - name: "plum"
    ttl: 300
    record: "hmcts-sbox.azurefd.net"
    shutter: true
```

**Step 5** Once the above changes are merged to master, Shuttering will be performed automatically by the Azure DevOps pipeline, swapping the DNS to the Azure CDN endpoint for the respective application.

> **Step 6** Currently the TTL is set as 5 minutes for the CNAME records, it would take 5 minutes for the shuttering to take effect and shutter page to be visible to the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Step 6** Depending on the TTL it will take time for the DNS to be updated, most are currently set to 5 minutes.
```

> **Step 7** In order to take off the shutterring, change `shutter: true` to `shutter: false` and your application will start functionaing normally. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Step 7** In order to take off the shutterring, change `shutter: true` to `shutter: false` and your application will start functioning normally. 
```
